Add Development Guide for Main Feast Repo Feast Components (#1424)
feast-dev/feast: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Development Guide: Main Feast Repository
> The higher level [Development Guide](https://docs.feast.dev/contributing/development-guide)
> gives guidance on contributing to Feast codebase as a whole.

### Overview

> This guide is targeted at developers looking to contribute to Feast components in

Reviewer: Not talking about the other repositories is a bit weird. I think as a contributor I'd like to know how to contribute to them all. So basically:
1. Knowing which repos/components exist
2. Knowing what they are for
3. Knowing where to find instructions on contribution.

Doesn't have to be super detailed, but it seems like the current guide is a dead end.

> the Main Feast Repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the main Feast Repository:
```

Author: Updated.

- [Feast Python SDK / CLI](#feast-python-sdk-%2F-cli)
- [Feast Documentation](#feast-documentation)
- [Feast Go Client](#feast-go-client)
- [Feast Terraform](#feast-terraform)

> > Don't see the Feast Component that you want to contribute to here?  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't see the Feast component that you want to contribute to here?  
```

Author: Updated.

> Check out the
> [Development Guide](https://docs.feast.dev/contributing/development-guide)
> to learn how Feast components are distributed over multiple repositories.

## Feast Python SDK / CLI
### Environment Setup

> Setting up your Development Environment for Feast Python SDK / CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up your development environment for Feast Python SDK / CLI:
```

Author: Updated.

1. Ensure you have `make`, Python (3.6 and above) with `pip`, installed.
2. _Recommended:_ Create a virtual environment to isolate development dependencies to be installed
```sh
# create & activate a virtual environment
python -v venv venv/
source venv/bin/activate
```

3. Upgrade `pip` if outdated
```sh
pip install --upgrade pip
```

4. Install development dependencies for Feast Python SDK / CLI
```sh

> pip install -r sdk/python/requirements-ci.txt

Reviewer: This has changed. These files dont exist. Should be `pip install -e "sdk/python[ci]"` I believe. There is no more dev dependency any more either.

Author: Assuming that `pip install -e "sdk/python[ci]" is the be all and end all for dependencies for Python SDK developers.

pip install -r sdk/python/requirements-dev.txt

> make install-python

Reviewer: This `make` also wont be necessary if the above command is run.

Author: Removed.

```

### Code Style & Linting

> Feast Python SDK / CLI's Python codebase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feast Python SDK / CLI codebases:
```

Author: Updated.

- Conforms to [Black code style](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/the_black_code_style.html)
- Has type annotations as enforced by `mypy`
- Has imports sorted by `isort`
- Is lintable by `flake8`

> To ensure your Python code conforms to Feast Python code standards:

Reviewer: You should also ask users to install pre-commit so that linting is run for them automatically.

Author: I've added a pre-commit section on this.

- Autoformat your code to conform to the code style:
```sh
make format-python
```

- Lint your Python code before submitting it for review:
```sh
make lint-python
```

### Unit Tests

> Unit Tests (`pytest`) for Feast Python SDK / CLI can be used verify functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unit tests (`pytest`) for the Feast Python SDK / CLI can run as follows:
```

Author: Updated.

```sh
make test-python
```

> > :warning: Local configuration can interfere with Unit Tests and cause them to fail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: Local configuration can interfere with unit tests and cause them to fail:
```

Author: Updated.

> - Ensure [no AWS configuration is present](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/configuration.html)
> and [no AWS credentials can be accessed](https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/credentials.html#configuring-credentials) by `boto3`
> - Ensure Feast Python SDK / CLI is not configured with configuration overrides (ie `~/.feast/config` should be empty).

## Feast Documentation
The Feast documentation hosted on [docs.feast.dev](https://docs.feast.dev):
- Feast Documentation is written and published using [Gitbook](https://app.gitbook.com/@feast).

> - To contribute, request for access to the Feast Gitbook.

Reviewer: We can't provide access to users. They need to send Git PRs.

Author: Removed the documentation section.

> To correct small typos in the documentation, open a Pull Request instead.

## Feast Go Client
:warning: Feast Go Client will move to its own standalone repository in the future.

### Environment Setup

> Setting up your Development Environment for Feast Go SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up your development environment for Feast Go SDK:
```

Author: Updated.

1. Ensure the following Development tools are installed:
- Golang, [`protoc` with the Golang &amp; grpc plugins](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/gotutorial#compiling-your-protocol-buffers)

### Building
Build the Feast Go Client with the `go` toolchain:
```sh
go build
```

### Code Style & Linting

> Feast Go Client's Go codebase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feast Go Client codebase:
```

Author: Updated.

- Conforms to the code style enforced by `go fmt`.
- Is lintable by `go vet`.

Autoformat your Go code to satisfy the Code Style standard:
```sh
go fmt
```

Lint your Go code:
```sh
go vet
```

### Unit Tests
Unit Tests can be used to verify the Feast Go Client's functionality:
```sh
go test
```

## Feast Terraform
:warning: Feast Terraform will move to its own standalone repository in the future.

See the deployment guide of the repective Terraform deployments for how to work with these deployments:

> - [Terraform Deployment on Amazon EKS](https://docs.feast.dev/v/master/getting-started/install-feast/kubernetes-amazon-eks-with-terraform)

Reviewer: I don't think we should link to the master branch. We should remove the branch I think.

Author: Removed the `/v/master/` part of the links to docs.
